
h1. Semilla Gem

This gem adds some rake tasks for testing ActionScript applications with the FlexUnit4 testing framework.


h2. Installation

To install with rake:

<pre><code>$ rake</code></pre>

To install with gem:

<pre><code>$ gem build semilla.gemspec</code></pre>
<pre><code>$ gem install semilla-VERSION.gem</code></pre>


h2. Usage

Generate a TestRunner
<pre><code>
==
#################################################################
# Rake task to create the test runner actionscript
#
# @param output file
# @param test classes file list
# @param report server port
Semilla::test_runner "outputfile.as", FileList["test-src/**/*Test.as"], 1026
==
</code></pre>


Run the test and obtain a report.
<pre><code>
==
#################################################################
# Rake task to test a swf and get a report in junit xml format.
#
# @param task id
# @param dependencies
Semilla::flex_unit :taskname => [dependencies]] do |t|
   #Configuration options
   #    serverPort :player, :swf, :reportpath, :timeout
   #    serverPort :player, :swf, :reportpath, :timeout
   t.serverPort = 1026
   t.swf = "app.swf"
   t.reportpath = "reports"
   t.timeout = 10
end
==
</code></pre>

h2. MIT License

<pre>
 Copyright (c)2011-2012 Victor G. Rosales

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
 documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
 rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
 persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial
 portions of the Software.

 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
 THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
 OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
 OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
</pre>